add diff of AA and EIP 4337 (#583)
matter-labs/zksync-web-era-docs: docs/dev/building-on-zksync/contracts/differences-with-ethereum.md

In contrast to Ethereum, zkSync Era ecrecover always return a zero address for the zero digests. Be careful with adapting crypto primitives that rely on that, specifically, it affects [secp256k1 mul verification via ecrecover](https://ethresear.ch/t/you-can-kinda-abuse-ecrecover-to-do-ecmul-in-secp256k1-today/2384).

## Native AA vs EIP 4337

The native account abstraction of zkSync and Ethereum's EIP 4337 aim to enhance accounts' flexibility and user experience, but they differ in critical aspects listed below:

1. **Implementation Level**: zkSync's account abstraction is integrated at the protocol level; however, EIP 4337 avoids the implementation at the protocol level.

> 2. **Account Types**: zkSync introduces Smart Contract Accounts and Paymasters as first-class citizens. Under the hood, all accounts (even EOAs) behave like smart contract accounts; **all accounts support paymasters**. EIP 4337, however, does not support Paymasters for EOAs because Paymaster is only linked to the EntryPoint contract.
> 3. **Transaction Processing**: In zkSync, an operator bundles transactions and sends them to the bootloader, the entry point contract, which results in a single mempool and transaction flow. In contrast, EIP 4337 introduces Bundlers, nodes that bundle user operations to a dedicated entry point contract, resulting in two separate transaction flows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Account Types**: on zkSync Era, smart contract accounts and paymasters are first-class citizens. Under the hood, all accounts (even EOAs) behave like smart contract accounts; **all accounts support paymasters**. 
3. **Transaction Processing**: EIP 4337 introduces a separate transaction flow for smart contract accounts, which relies in a separate mempool for user operations, and Bundlers, nodes that bundle user operations and sends them to be processed by the EntryPoint contract, resulting in two separate transaction flows.  In contrast, on zkSync Era there is a unified mempool for transactions from EOAs and smart contract accounts. The Operator bundles transactions from all types of accounts and sends them to the Bootloader (similar to the EntryPoint contract), which results in a single mempool and transaction flow.
4. **Paymasters support**: zkSync Era allows both EOAs and smart contract accounts to benefit from paymasters thanks to its single transaction flow. On the other hand, EIP 4337 does not support paymasters for EOAs because paymasters are only implemented in the new transaction flow for smart contract accounts. 
```

In contrast to Ethereum, zkSync Era ecrecover always return a zero address for the zero digests. Be careful with adapting crypto primitives that rely on that, specifically, it affects [secp256k1 mul verification via ecrecover](https://ethresear.ch/t/you-can-kinda-abuse-ecrecover-to-do-ecmul-in-secp256k1-today/2384).

## Native AA vs EIP 4337

The native account abstraction of zkSync and Ethereum's EIP 4337 aim to enhance accounts' flexibility and user experience, but they differ in critical aspects listed below:

1. **Implementation Level**: zkSync's account abstraction is integrated at the protocol level, providing a unified transaction flow. On the other hand, EIP 4337 introduces a separate transaction flow on top of Ethereum's existing one.

> 2. **Account Types**: zkSync introduces Smart Contract Accounts and Paymasters. Smart Contract Accounts are fully programmable, offering a wide range of customizations. Paymasters sponsor transactions, allowing users to pay fees in ERC20 tokens. EIP 4337, however, does not introduce a concept equivalent to Paymasters.

Reviewer 2: 4337 does mention paymasters - https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4337#extension-paymasters

Author: added that paymaster isn't supported for EOAs.

> 3. **Transaction Processing**: In zkSync, an operator bundles transactions and sends them to the bootloader, the entry point contract. In contrast, EIP 4337 introduces Bundlers, nodes that bundle user operations and send them to a dedicated entry point contract.

Reviewer 2: repeating same thing as 1 no?

> 4. **Incentives**: The incentive for running a Bundler node in EIP 4337 is a cut of the transaction fees. zkSync does not have an equivalent concept, but Paymasters can cover transaction fees.

Reviewer 2: unrelated concepts on the same phrase

Author: Removing incentives for the bundler, and leaving the three points on:

1. **Implementation Level**: zkSync's account abstraction is integrated at the protocol level; however, EIP 4337 avoids the implementation at the protocol level.
2. **Account Types**: zkSync introduces Smart Contract Accounts and Paymasters as first-class citizens. Under the hood, all accounts (even EOAs) behave like smart contract accounts; ***all accounts support paymasters*.** EIP 4337, however, does not support Paymasters for EOAs because Paymaster is only linked to the EntryPoint contract.
3. **Transaction Processing**: In zkSync, an operator bundles transactions and sends them to the bootloader, the entry point contract, which results in a single mempool and transaction flow. In contrast, EIP 4337 introduces Bundlers, nodes that bundle user operations to a dedicated entry point contract, resulting in two separate transaction flows.

> 5. **Flexibility**: Both offers increased flexibility compared to traditional Ethereum accounts, but zkSync's account abstraction, with its Smart Contract Accounts and Paymasters, provides more possibilities for user-friendly and secure account management.

Author: removing the 5th point
